Improve docs by removing typos and grammatical errors (#28391)
github/docs: content/codespaces/prebuilding-your-codespaces/testing-dev-container-changes.md

permissions: People with write permissions to a repository can create or edit the dev container configuration for a branch.
---

> Any changes you make to the dev container configuration for a prebuild-enabled branch will result in an update to the codespace configuration and the associated prebuild. It’s, therefore, important to test such changes in a codespace from a test branch before committing your changes to a branch of your repository that's actively used. This will ensure you’re not introducing breaking changes for your team.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Any changes you make to the dev container configuration for a prebuild-enabled branch will result in an update to the codespace configuration and the associated prebuild. It’s therefore important to test such changes in a codespace from a test branch before committing your changes to a branch of your repository that's actively used. This will ensure you’re not introducing breaking changes for your team.
```

For more information, see "[AUTOTITLE](/codespaces/setting-up-your-project-for-codespaces/adding-a-dev-container-configuration/introduction-to-dev-containers)."

## Testing changes to the dev container configuration

1. Create a codespace from the prebuild-enabled branch whose dev container you want to change. For more information, see "[AUTOTITLE](/codespaces/developing-in-codespaces/creating-a-codespace-for-a-repository#creating-a-codespace-for-a-repository)."

> 2. In the codespace, check out a test branch. For more information, see "[AUTOTITLE](/codespaces/developing-in-codespaces/using-source-control-in-your-codespace#creating-or-switching-branches)."
> 3. Make the required changes to the dev container configuration.
> 4. Apply the changes by rebuilding the container. For more information, see "[AUTOTITLE](/codespaces/setting-up-your-project-for-codespaces/adding-a-dev-container-configuration/introduction-to-dev-containers#applying-configuration-changes-to-a-codespace)."
> 5. After everything looks good, we also recommend creating a new codespace from your test branch to ensure everything is working. You can then commit your changes to your repository's default branch or an active feature branch, triggering an update of the prebuild for that branch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the codespace, check out a test branch. For more information, see "[AUTOTITLE](/codespaces/developing-in-codespaces/using-source-control-in-your-codespace#creating-or-switching-branches)."
1. Make the required changes to the dev container configuration.
1. Apply the changes by rebuilding the container. For more information, see "[AUTOTITLE](/codespaces/setting-up-your-project-for-codespaces/adding-a-dev-container-configuration/introduction-to-dev-containers#applying-configuration-changes-to-a-codespace)."
1. After everything looks good, we also recommend creating a new codespace from your test branch to ensure everything is working. You can then commit your changes to your repository's default branch or an active feature branch, triggering an update of the prebuild for that branch.
```
